We got up near the Teutoburger Wall and there's a
road running
perpendicular to our advance and that happened to
be the outer perimeter road of a Panzer training
center, German tank training center, at which
time we would come under heavy tank fire. I
deployed all the tanks units the infantry got
itself married up with the tanks and the artillery
began to take them under fire and we had quite a tank
battle there my own personal tank knocked out one
German tank at 1500 yards and another one that
turned its gun out of some small fir trees at 75
yards. 75 yards? 75 yards. That's probably the
closest one you ever shot at. That's the closest I
was ever in. Closest one I ever shot at. Did you
shoot at him? We shot at him. I didn't even give a
chance to give the gunner orders. He just happened
to be looking through the scope when he saw this
barrel turn around and I pressed the mic button to
tell him and at that time the gun went off and killed
that thing. That was Sergeant Cooley. The story
about Sergeant Cooley, he had a brother that was in
the maintenance part of the regiment and he was a
cook and he became the head mess sergeant in my
headquarters company and war was going pretty
pretty well we were in the pursuit and
exploitation phase as we were at this particular
time and he just had to get out of that kitchen he
said. These were mobile kitchens and he had been a
good tank gunner as a corporal but we also you know
you need a mess sergeant so he had been promoted up
to mess sergeant. He wanted to go along as my tank
gunner on one episode one exploitation move and I
told him that if he could get permission from my
crew that I'd be happy to have him. So he got
permission from the crew and this was his he he got
in this tank and started when we crossed the Rhine
River. So he had had five days and nights without
any sleep, and now he had come on, and we were going
all night again. So he knocked out this tank of
1,500 meters. It was kind of up on a hill. He shot it
into the track, and she started smoking, and the
crew got out. And then he got this one at 75 meters.
The next day at noon, we had bypassed the Tudor
Burger Wall, got through it, and we're moving out,
and he called me and he said, sir, I would like now to
go back to be mess sergeant. I said, not until this
battle's over, you're doing too well.
What do you say to that? Well, he stayed with me, of
course. But he was a very proud guy. How many
casualties did you take in this tank battle? I
never lost a tank. Never lost a tank, never lost a
man. The only two guys that got really in serious
trouble was a division commander. We were
engaging in this tank battle and stuff was coming
back and forth, back and forth on this parallel
road and a truck came down this road. And I told the
recon units, I said, now wait until this truck gets
right down in front of us and then blow it away with
.50 caliber. And about that time, this guy punched
me on the shoulder and he said, what's going on
here? And at that time, they shot this truck up 50
yards away out here on this road. You can see it. And
it turned and swerved and the ground was wet and it
was loaded with German wax. And it's carried...
scattered dead and wounded women all over the
road. And this guy said, what's going on here? I
said, look, you old son of a bitch. I said, don't you
know that there's a battle going on here, and you
get the hell out of here. Who'd you say that to now?
The division commander, the two-star general.
Oh, okay. And he told General Patton later after
the war, he said, this is the greatest battalion
commander in the war, he said, and he's also the
only guy that ever called me a son of a bitch and got
by with it. As a division commander. Would you
believe that— Did your division commander call
you up or was he— No, he'd come up on a jeep, come up
through the area, traveling all night back there,
coming up behind me. To get up to you and find out
what the heck was going on. And he got up there and we
were in this battle. So
he said, and General Patton said, well, what'd you
do, I.D.? ? He said, I did just like he told me. I got
the hell out of there. So...
We went on down a little ways, and here they...
Here, I looked around, and I'm in my tank now. We're
fighting and moving. And here is a guy behind me
with... in a Jeep. And I looked around there. About
that time, Cooley killed his tank. I saw this tank
gun come out of this fir tree right over there. And
Cooley saw him at the same time, and without any
order, they just blew him all to hell. Hit around,
hit under the edge of the turret, blew it out. And I
looked around. And this brigadier was in the road
ditch out of his jeep. The driver was laying on the
road and he was in the ditch. So I jumped out of my
tank. I said, oh my God, somebody has killed our
assistant division commander. So I get out there.
I run where he is. I said, what? I said, General
Hines? His name was Sid Hines, H-I-N-D-S. And I
said, General Hines, you all right? He said, yes,
but this is too close for an old man. And he got in
that Jeep, and whew, he took off. Well, that was a
good day. Was his driver killed? No, no one. They
were falling right behind my tank, protecting my
tank. And when my tank gun went off, you know, and
the blast out of that muzzle brake comes off, boy,
that is hair-raising. They got in the ditch. They
didn't know what was happening. And he took off.
But we... We proceeded on. And you didn't lose one
tank. Not one single tank. Not one single soldier.
You didn't lose a soldier, and how many German
tanks did you knock out?
Not very many. Most of them were retreating and
getting away from us. I would say in a 56-mile day, a
big day, we made 56 miles in the pursuit. And
we may have knocked out 10 or 11 vehicles of
different types, that's all. Most thin-skinned
vehicles were rear guard trying to get away,
leaving infantry behind. And the infantry was
firing bazookas at us from houses and all that sort
of stuff. Oh, were they? Yeah, yeah. So that must
have been kind of dangerous. Oh, it was very hairy.
This Sergeant Happy— was in an armored car and a guy
from a tree at about 75 meters only less than 75
meters fired a Panzerfaust a rocket anything
rocket called Panzerfaust now shaped charge and
it hit the ring of his M8 armored car, which it has a
.50 caliber on, on the M8 armored car, four-wheel
armored car, very likely, and he hit the ring,
burned a hole, so he could kill Sergeant Happy.
Now, Sergeant Happy was in his eighth campaign. He
had landed in Africa with us. That's a hell of a
loss, you know. A hell of a loss for anybody to lose
any soldier, but a guy that's gone through that
much, you know. So we lost him. We got involved with
it. So most of the resistance then by this time was
light and scattered. Light and scattered and
mostly infantry with some light vehicles and
equipment and most of it anti-tank gun, handheld
rockets, anti-tank rockets. Why weren't they
surrendering? They knew they were beat. Well,
they were trying to surrender but I have to give you
an example of what happened. I ran into, I stayed
right with the reconnaissance element.
And we started drawing small arms fire. And one guy
stepped behind a tree and I pulled out a carbine
rifle to shoot him. It snapped and I threw it down in
the road ditch. I never did pick it up and I killed
him with a pistol. I could wear a pistol here and one
down here. If you're inside a tank, you can't get at
this one. So you've got to have something you can
get at so you want a shoulder holster. If you're
down on the ground— Why didn't he shoot you? Huh?
Why didn't he shoot you? Well, he did raise to shoot
me, but I just happened to beat him to the draw. No
kidding? Yeah. How far away was he? He was about 30
yards, 30, 40 yards. He stepped out from behind a
tree and raised his rifle, and this old carbine
snapped, and I just grabbed this pistol and fired
it. And at this time you were in what, a jeep? I was in
a jeep. And the other guy dropped his rifle and gave
up. Hayes, my radio operator in a jeep, Sergeant
Hayes was a fluent speaker of German. He had a lot of
help. John Rossell from Cleveland, he was a driver
and a courageous guy. So, Hayes got the word They
had a whole regiment out there and they wanted to
give up. But they couldn't give up because the SS in
the next village was forcing them to fight. See the
SS threatening them and so, but they'd give up. The
whole regiment would give up. They didn't want to
fight. So I told Hayes, I said, okay, Hayes, get the
best location you can on this damn place where they
are in this village from this guy. He wasn't quite
certain, but he knew that they were in about the
center of town in a building that had a wooden fence
around it, farm implements inside, animals
inside, and they were staying inside the house,
and they were up in the loft operating the radio. I
said, Hayes, give me a... Let's stick one other man
with us here. You guys take more." But I said, I
think that
they said ten or twelve of them in there. I said,
we'll slip around down there. We'll get behind
this village and we'll take these guys on.
Meantime, I told columns spread out. get off the
road, get themselves deployed, that I was going to
see if I couldn't get this regiment to surrender,
draw up the artillery, and here's where I'm going,
and cover me, and I'd call for artillery if I
needed, or whatever tank, whatever I needed. So,
this village was about a mile away. So we went off
down to Hearts Mountain, which is on my right
flank. I go off down there and I found a, we go across
the field, we go down in the low land, we come along
and we get on up, myself, one recon sergeant,
Hayes, and Rochelle, we go on up. We go back about a
mile behind this place and we come in behind it. And
just outside town we find a guy with a horse and a
small wagon filled with loaves of bread. A German?
German. So we snatch him
and we make him tell us where this place is. As a
matter of fact, We go up within one block of where
this is and make him point this out. Then Rochelle,
Hayes, and Sergeant Sullivan, I believe it was, a
recon sergeant. I'm armed with a Tommy gun, and I
still wear my two pistols. Others are armed. Hayes
has a Tommy gun, and Sergeant has an M1 and a pistol.
and we all got grenades.
So we go up there and this German pointed out— You go
into the city then? Oh yeah, it's a small village.
One road goes through it and houses off to the right
and left. Farming area. All the farmers live in
here, you see, and they farm the lands out there.
And there's a whole regiment of Germans in there?
Only twelve SS guys. Twelve SS are here in the
village. And my troops are out there and the German
regiment's out here. So I work my way all the way
around here and I come back in the back way. So we go
in there. Satisfied that that's the place. How
many of you snuck in there? Four of us. Why did you go
if you're the commander? I just got the
information. And I want to go. You don't waste time
waiting to put a team together and so on and so
forth. You deploy everybody, tell the force what
you're going to do, and then you go do it. Well, who
was in charge? Who'd you leave in charge of? I left
my deputy in charge, my executive in charge. He's
in the half track in the command center with my S-3
and my S-2 and my S-1.
So we go in there, we knock this wooden door down,
and we start spraying this thing. So we kill them
all but four. And these were all SS? SS, all SS. We
put the— Dark uniforms and all that? Yeah, we put
the four SS, they're not dead, with their hands
behind their head, walking them in front of the
jeep, out in the regiment, the whole regiment
gives up white flags.
And these guys had given up. Funny thing happened.
So the whole regiment? The whole regiment. There
was only about 1,600, 1,700 of them, and all of them
older people called Volkstrom's regiment,
People's regiment. So they were pretty much
militia. Oh, yeah, sure. They were lucky to have
that, I guess, at that point in time. They were in
their 40s and above. Yeah, that's right. And they
were not eager to fight anyway. Not eager to fight.
I didn't want to kill people like that so we did this
very swiftly very quickly and believe it or not a
funny story that I heard the next day was that we
made them stack up their rifles you know and
armored elements have no way of carrying
prisoners and oftentimes we get accused of The
paratroopers and the armored people get accused
of killing prisoners because they got no way to
take care of them. They're often accused of that,
but that's not true. What we do in armored elements
is we tell them to stack their weapons up, put their
hands behind their head, and start walking to the
rear. A soldier is a soldier, and there's honor
among soldiers.
always exceptions of course but amongst these
people they didn't want to fight in the first place
so they're not gonna bother anybody we stack up
their weapon lo and behold the adjunct of the
regiment was coming forward
in his Jeep with his driver to bring mail or
something And he's a nice, timid little man,
officer. That's the reason he's the adjutant, you
know, of the regiment. And lo and behold, he looks
here, and here are all these Germans coming down
the damn road. So he gets his .45 out and recaptures
them. And it's getting dark, and he does not know
what to do, and his radio and his jeep isn't
working, and he's scared to death. So the story
goes is that he got in the middle and made the
Germans march around him all night long.
Somebody come along at first light and helped him
out. He had captured a whole regiment
single-handed. I
thought that was funny when I heard that. What did
the general say? What did White say? Oh, God, they
laughed about that for weeks. Still laughing
about it, I guess.
Were you and your other three men recommended for a
decoration?
I think the division commander gave us silver
stars. It was pretty bloody in there for a while.
They were shooting them. We were shooting them.
Did you lose any of your men? No, not a scratch.
Really? Not a scratch. You just, all four of you?
Blasted, blasted. Throwing the grenades in the
house, throwing the grenades here and blasting.
You pick these guys up, the ones on the radio up
here, we just cut them out and they rolled out of
that hayloft down on the ground. One come out of the
basement there that had been wounded and Hayes
told him to get his hands up. He tried to spit on
Hayes, and that's when I pulled his pistol and cut
him from right here, right all the way down through
here. Because nobody spits on my sergeant. Not
even America. So I cut him across the head here with
my .45, and then he got his hands up. But those SS are
awful surly, disciplined, tough cookies. Tough
cookies, and black suitors. tough cookie. But
that regiment got up and moved out. What did you
feel like when you were going into this barn? Well,
I felt like you're gonna win or you don't go. You
felt like you're gonna be successful or you just
don't tackle anything like that. And you had so
much experienced by this time in your seventh or
eighth campaign in three years that you get a
little bit careless, but if you get too careless,
you're going to end up dead. But also, you've got to
remember that you've been through a lot, you've
learned a lot, and if you apply it properly, you're
a pretty tough cookie yourself, you know. And
you're not afraid to take anybody on. really and it
does so much for your soldier you know if the
officer never asked a soldier to do anything that
he hasn't done or won't do himself that's you gain
their respect and confidence and I'm telling you
when you gain the respect and the confidence of an
American soldier and he's trained you're going to
see it he's trained you gain his respect and
confidence uh there's no end to what you can't do I
mean you can take on the greatest odds you've ever
seen there isn't any question about that in my mind
because This guy called American, he makes the
finest fighting man there is.
He may not be—he's
a poor fighter if he isn't led well. He's a poor
fighter if he isn't led well. But if he's led well,
there's no end to what he can't do. And won't do. And
once you jumped into this place and started
shooting, these guys, which were obviously
outmanned, they didn't have any machine guns,
they started shooting back? They had very
sub-machine guns. Most all of them had
sub-machine guns.
Pistols they wore. But there was no time for
pistols when you were faced with Tommy guns, .45
caliber Tommy guns. with 20 and 30 round clips. We
got rid of the old drum, 50 caliber drum, because we
had so many stoppages and so hard to carry and but
with the 20 and 30 round clips or magazines you
could stick them in your pockets, you could tie
them, you could put tape on them hand to hand with 20
rounds here and turn the thing over another you got
40 rounds right there hanging on the gun. And it's a
good round for close range, a .45 caliber is a good
round for close range. I can't believe that this
one guy actually spit after it was all over. Well,
he wouldn't have come out of the building there,
you know. What the hell was going on? Did you
actually go into the building or did you stay out
and shoot in? We just threw grenades inside the
house, opened the door and dropped grenades,
rolled them down the basement down there. And
didn't have to go in. They started coming out of
there. Found out that they were all out.
And so this guy actually— Oh yeah, he spit at Hayes
and that's when he got cut. Got his head busted open
with a lot of pistols.
I had Captain Einbeck, his family came from
Einbeck, Germany, and when we took that place,
when I took that place, he wanted to go back and look
for his aunt or uncle. Now that was against the
rules for us to allow our soldiers to go look for
their ancestry over there. You had some pretty
close ancestry. And damn good ancestry. I finally
told Einbeck he could go. I said, yeah, go back to
the town of Einbeck. His aunt and uncle lived
there, and his mother's sister.
He went back. He finally found them.
but he was sorry about going back and looking for
them because they give him the same sort of
treatment. He had to just turn and walk away. They
were not all that way, but some were. But we— Wait,
how'd you get along with just the German refugees
themselves? You must have just streamed past
them. Oh, we got along with them. I tell you what,
they were a troublesome lot, particularly a
displaced person. Yeah. Displaced persons were a
worrisome lot. First off, they were all hungry and
when you give them rations most of them become very
ill with diarrhea because they hadn't had
anything to eat and then when And you had to keep
guards on them because if you didn't, they'd go out
and ransack every German village, kill every cow,
kill every horse. They were just mad people. Just
mad people. So you had to keep them under control
and then the reaction you got, well here you come
you great liberators and now you're treating us
just like the Germans did. You see? So it's a sort of
problem that I guess there are many approaches to
how you handle dispersed people that's been in
prison for a long time and mistreated and no food
and they're kind of wild because they're very
destructive if they're left alone as a group and
you can't help that happen.
So it's a difficult thing to figure out just how to
handle it. And they were interested in revenge
against the Germans? Absolutely, totally,
totally. And were there incidences that you had to
stop? Oh yeah, they got stealing cows, ramsacking
the places. They were, I believe the displaced
people were as bad as the Soviets. Soviets,
they ramsacked every house and every cellar took
every jar of food that the Germans had been able to
muster together. And the Germans are much like
Americans, and Americans are much like the
Germans. And we're one and the same in many
respects. They're great preservers of food
during the food seasons, if they can get their
hands on it, fresh vegetables and that sort of
stuff, by canning it and storing it and putting it
away. jellies and jams and that sort of type of
staple, but Soviet soldiers were just ramsacking
their house stealing everything that they could
get, eating out of these jars and cans. They were,
it seemed to me that they were almost as starved to
death as the DPs were. Well, we're going to get to
the Soviets in a minute, but now that we're talking
about refugees and we always have that problem of
looting. Did you have any examples with your men or
did you hear of any examples in which Americans
were looting?
I don't think so. Maybe they did. It's a
hard thing to say in war
what
is left
at the end of a day's battle and what it's cost one
side or the other.
And what
one side feels like it deserves as a result of
victory or what one feels like it deserves as a
result of the loss of battle. And I guess I'm trying
to avoid your question because I never saw a
soldier loot anything. Now, maybe they did, but I
didn't see that. I wasn't looking for that. I was
looking to see that we won the battle and that
I saved as many soldiers' lives as I could and I
was doing the kind of job that I was capable of
doing. I've heard that soldiers looted.
Maybe they did. Maybe they picked up something and
found out later that what am I doing with this thing
and throw it away. How much loot can you put on a
soldier that has 96 pounds of pack and weapon and
ammunition on him. How much loot can he carry? I'm
just asking. There's another thing that we should
talk about since you were right there on the front
lines. The Russians even admitted that the amount
of looting that the Red Army did was horrible, and
also of course the hatred between the Russians and
the Germans was much more intense than between the
Germans and the Americans, but there was quite a
bit of raping that was going on. What about that?
Did you have any situations? No, we had a policy of
non-fraternization, and I think everybody stuck
to that as far as I could tell. I never had a rape
problem.
Anything like that going on out in the battle area,
I don't know where the women were. There's
some old women out there, and some old men left, and
I don't know where in the hell the younger people
were, but I don't think any soldier is interested
in raping some 70-year-old farm woman. I just
didn't have any of it. I told them, well, the rules
were you just don't do that sort of stuff. and they
didn't do it.
If they had, I'd have dealt with them very harshly
because they knew there was no in-between with me.
After this surrender, then what? Let's continue
until the end, until V.E. Day. After the
surrender, we moved from— Was this in February or
March? No, April. We're talking about April 45.
because I was wounded on the Elbe River on the 11th
of April. A part of the regiment of Germans came
down from the north and wanted to surrender to me.
The lieutenant colonel brought his force in, and
he came down under the white flag and wanted to join
me to go to Berlin. And I said, I've just been more or
less reprimanded for even attempting to cross the
Elbe River. I didn't know any better, and I fought
all night to try to take this bridge, and I've been
busted up. I was busted up, but nobody ever told me
that this was going to be the international
boundary, so I was trying to save the bridge.
Anyway, this German regiment of about 900 people
came down and wanted to join me to go to Berlin, and I
wish to hell that I had authority to go because I
took Burrell in about eleven hours and there
wouldn't have been any killing or anything going
on up there and it would have been a different world
totally different world than the one today but in
my personal view Mr. Eisenhower and a very sick
president Mr. Roosevelt were bamboozled
by Stalin and the old American position of, let's
get this war over with and bring our boys home. And
Mr. Bradley, General Bradley saying, oh, it'll
cost us 100,000 casualties to take Berlin. Well,
that was a bunch of crap. I think I could have took
Berlin in 11 hours from the 11th of April with those
900 Germans or without them. In about 11 hours, I
would have been to Berlin, and I don't think there
had been any problem of the whole Berlin giving up
at that time without any casualties whatsoever.
That was the attitude of the German people, and
that was the attitude of the German army at the time
because, as I say there, They wanted to go with me to
Berlin, and they thought that there's nothing but
sense to this business that the United States go to
Berlin, and they were right. But no, the decision
had been made long before that that we're going to
give that to the Soviets.
What a hell of a disaster for the American people.
and you can blame Eisenhower and Roosevelt for
it. What did this German lieutenant colonel say to
you? He said, I want to join you and go to Berlin with
you.
He wanted to fight with you? He wanted to join us and
go with us. They knew what the hell was going to
happen. And liberate it? Yeah. Take it before the
Soviets get there. That's what he told you? Oh,
yeah. They all knew this. Most of these guys, a high
percentage of them had been on the Eastern Front.
They know the Soviets. They know communism.
I just told him, I said,
I'm not permitted to cross the Elk River and we just
had casualties trying to get across the Elk River.
A regimental commander, Colonel Paul Disney,
took a piece of shell fragment in the leg. But
nobody told us that that was an international
boundary, we're not supposed to cross it.
I said to the German, I said, you put your stuff out
here. And he said, well, what'll I do with my
troops? I said, line them up out there someplace.
He said, how about their weapons? I said, you save
enough weapons to safeguard those men and stack
the rest of them up out in front of your unit there. I
said, how much have you had to eat today? He said,
our ration today is two small potatoes. I said,
well, what you want to do is get your men lined up out
here and I'm going to send for a truckload of food
some rations for you. And I did. I called a little
guy named Sam Smith who was my supply officer and I
said, get a truckload of rations up here for these
German prisoners. Well, yes, sir, where are they?
I said, well, it doesn't make a damn where they are.
I said, get the hell on up here, and I'll point out to
you where they are. So they got them up there. We
give them the whole two-and-a-half-ton
truckload of rations. Of course, they starved to
death. God mighty. Next day, they were all sick
because the food was too rich for them, the
C-rations. You know, those sea rations got a
variety of different kinds of food there, but they
did have some coffee and some cigarettes and some
things like that, and they hadn't had coffee and
cigarettes in God knows when.
So they were all sick to their stomach? Diarrhea?
Oh yeah, all over the place.
Just too much for them. They were all too thin? They
were all real thin? Yeah, they were. Well, you
know, they're strong they're not I don't know how
to describe a man that gets around to the point that
he doesn't eat very much in his system and justice
to it but they weren't weaklings you know that's
what I guess I'm trying to say they're still damn
physical capable of fighting like hell but uh That
gives you some idea about what I felt about our
prisoners. I tried to take care of them. And that's
where you were when V.E. Day came about. Yeah,
that's right. You were sitting on the Elbe. That's
right, that's right. Waiting for orders. Waiting
for orders. Orders were withdraw to Brunswick, so
we withdrew to Brunswick.
And war was over, and the Poles were running all
over the damn place. Oh, they busted down their
damn cages and, you know, the POW, their Displaced
Person Cages. God, oh my, they were a mess. And we
immediately started moving into occupation,
military government. Rounded them up and got
Polish, appointed Polish captains. of labor
forces give one Pole responsible for looking
after and maintaining order among the Poles. Let
the Poles argue this thing out themselves, you
know. And they seemed to get a hold of themselves.
How did they respond to Americans? Were they happy
to see you? Oh, yes. All of the prisoner camps that
were uncovered, which I didn't uncover P.O.W.,
our own P.O.W. camp. We did uncover the D.P. camps.
They were very, very happy. And of course,
we gave them food. Sure, and they got sick. Yeah,
just couldn't handle it.
funny thing about that stuff.
But, I had a terrible fight on the Elk River when I
got there. I guess Cornelius Ryan tells it better
than I, because he got his information from
everybody.
But, I was over living overlooking Schoenbeck
about five o'clock in the evening on the Elbe River
and there was a bridge there.
And the Germans were moving in a column from south
to north and going in the town and it's obvious to me
they were trying to get across the Elbe River to get
out of the way. Tanks, artillery pieces, horse
drawn artillery, truck-drawn artillery,
personnel carriers filled with people, armored
personnel carriers, headquarters vehicles and
all that, bumper-to-bumper movement. So I called
Jim Starr, one of my company commanders, and I
said, I'm going to put a company of infantry on your
back, and I want you to go just at dark and chop that
column off. I'm going to take the other two
companies. How was he going to get across the Elm?
They were on this side. Oh, they were on this side.
Yeah, going parallel to the Elm. Oh, I see. Yeah,
from north to south, from south to north. And they
were going into Schoenbeck, and I knew damn well
they were crossing that bridge. That bridge was
still open. So I said, Jim, I want you to go We were on
high ground in defilade position watching all
that. And I said, I want you to go charging down
there about a mile and a half down there with the
high ground up here overlooking all that. I said, I
want you to go down there and chop that column in two
and stop it and tear her up or capture her, however
you can do it. I'm going to go charging in town just
at dark and get in their column
and when they go across that bridge it's going to be
dark and I'm going to be in their column and I'm
trailing them across and we're going to have that
and as soon as I get across with the lead company
we're going to hold there with one company on one
side of the bridge and one company